welcome to calorie recipes today
prepare the pizzoccheri with the cabbage
ingredients are pizzoccheri of
valtellina boiled and cut a
strips a cut garlic clove
in thin slices career of the
grated parmesan oil valtellina
extra virgin olive oil salt and pepper
I boiled the cabbage and then I cooked it
preserved the cooking water and now
I'll have you get pizzoccheri shot
boiled at this point
we pay our pizzerias we make them
cook al dente
while the pizzoccheri cook we prepare
having to pour the extra virgin olive oil
olive oil in a non-stick pan e
we immediately combine the garlic and we do it
brown
then we combine the green and leave it
flavor for 5 6 1 during
the savory cabbage flavor the pizzoccheri
then the heartfelt were rushed to
this point towards the carrera inside
in the pan with it and I do it
remove slightly when cheeses
begins to melt towards the pizzoccheri
in the pan I stir well when
casera has melted we polarize with
wheat and grated
let's take a last shuffle take the
place our pizzoccheri are
ready we just have to serve well
hot on the table and enjoy
good appetite is the next recipe I am
calorie recipes with anna rosa